that they explain just sued it is already a
topic that is thinking about whether or not to touch on
the main channel I would have liked to
give my opinion of course the age
or on twitter more or less but look in the
end they let them pass on youtube because they are
very contradictory always these
problems are complaining and this I have
seen many youtubers and many
influences complaining that no
heterosexual condemns or makes a video give their opinion
on the subject of Samuel Valette you
know that the issue is no but you know
what happens if you are a subject a video giving your
opinion they are going to criticize you because you are going to
say that he is getting followers that he is
making profits you know that is the
best thing to do always what
you want and if you have to
talk about a subject speak if you have
something to contribute, see you are not going to
take out 20 videos of a person who
passed away or something like that
but if you have to make a
well structured video because you have to give
your opinion because you have something to
contribute you do it and that's it okay in the end
worry about  that if this that if the
other maybe yes they are going to criticize you
anyway no then let's get it straight that
of course from here
from the first moment what was posted on
twitter I am with the family with
Samuel's friends and hopefully
justice is done now well I'm going to give a
little
today there are people who say the
word homophobia it is one of the
right-wing words like I always criticized the
words of the progressives no
vicarious violence all all language the names
things I don't know if the word
homophobia is on our radio the
truth is that I haven't looked at it and I don't
give a [ __ ] [ __ ] because my
opinion is that today it does
exist who wants to call it homophobia call it what
wants to call it
discrimination call it discrimination it
is a complete disgrace literally it
is a real disgrace
there are people today who discriminate against others for who they
love or who they traditionally have
normalized and there are people who use
the word [ __ ] very normally as if it were
an insult and it was a [ __ ] disgrace
they use it and enjoy it yes it is true that I know
the shame the meaning has been lost
because many times you don't want to tell me what
in  reality means that now it
is not a solution to that word giving a
meaning that maybe you are
lazy or that you are a coward many
times no but it is a shame it has been
normalized as such it is not very
discriminatory there are still many people
today and I say person
for not calling it another way of
discriminating against people for their
sexual orientation that
men bring them because they are attracted to them [ __ ] that
matters the person must be
treated better or worse not based on what
color their skin is what city they come from
who they sleep with or not I go out with it
's that I care about that [ __ ]
[ __ ] people must be treated
better or worse based on their actions based on whether they are a
criminal or not they are
based on whether they are a good or bad person if they
do harm they do not harm others whatever they
put in them whatever they want to put in them here they
want to put in me what the [ __ ] do I
care it seems like a [ __ ] shame that
today we are very modern for
one thing and we are so many balloons
for another and really although it is hard to
recognize it because it is shameful not for any
other reason and no longer  I'm talking to you maybe about
other countries because
other countries are always brought up because there are other
countries that culturally are more or
less backward than us, not for
example machismo no obviously I
think that machismo is much worse in
other countries and the DGT of phobia or rather more but
the so-called like that obviously more
intense in other countries that has
our it's that our push our there is a
lot of it you know what my ideology is
and what my position is and what the things
but things
have to be fair and recognize it and it's a
[ __ ] shame but there are many many
people who discriminate and who treat
differently not maybe on TV or in
public we don't usually see much anymore
but you know why but many times maybe
people in public
seem to put themselves very well placed in
their role but then maybe on the
streets and older people and young
men maybe the banks where they
criticize and I have heard and I know of cases
of people who criticize other people
because they go out with homosexuals to parties
snitches and this one goes out with the homosexuals
to parties because he was also
a lot of shame it matters fifth
sexually attracted justice shame
then there's the issue of this kid, this
foreman, first of all, in fact, I think it came out, I do
n't know if on Twitter because
on Twitter you can't trust it a lot.
First of all, I heard that they
killed him shouting "sea" and I shoot. I
can't keep censoring words and they
vary me, [ __ ] them but I
have to explain things as they are
literally if they vary me, [ __ ] them
and when they want to shoot me, see you
later and I'm going to receive them on YouTube. You have to
report things, one thing is that
you do it in a
discriminatory context and another thing is that you
pronounce certain words to explain
them to explain the context or to
condemn
the case. First of all, I saw on Twitter
and on many platforms that this kid was
killed shouting "[ __ ]" that was
said on Twitter to the point that I
believed that I was the truth because I was or
that woman, what's her fault, who is she
sexually attracted to? One can control
who you are sexually attracted to, not even if you were
guilty, that's why it's the dick, these are
things that don't enter my
mind, no, but well, as you can see  Well,
I got the idea from the first
moment that that kid was killed
shouting [ __ ] in a beating and that
that kid was carrying his
flag. I understand that since it was
almost the week or that he was participating in
the party, they're leaving pride alone, no, the way
out is what it's done, I'm not sure
why because they never felt bears and I
said an attack was a
homophobic murder, literally, they're not
killing him, the crime of [ __ ] and the
kid with the flag, well, it
's probably a group of smart and funny people, I did
n't roll, you know, scum,
call it whatever you want, they saw the
kid, he was of the condition that he was and
since they are the way they are, they are
animals, for which they killed them they will be
charged, the kid started hitting him,
manly, he must have defended himself with his word,
mom, he could have because of the stronger hit, I don't
know what I was thinking but now it turns out
that there are
police actions that are saying
that there is no motive and there is nothing,
neither in the reports nor in any of the
evidence by which we can affirm that there was
a motive  homophobic if people are
complaining you know I'll tell you one thing
if the police investigations are
saying that there is no homophobic motive it's that
in this case there was no gap that
I thought there was based on what I
was reading on twitter but now
the police investigations are coming out
saying that there is no
motive that those words weren't even said
when they killed him that he wasn't
even carrying the flag or if the
police in the investigations are
saying that there is no motive or please there is
n't one
this means that we don't have phobias
and that there is one that this is not the case there is
in other cases it was to see it there is but do
n't get angry and with the police or with
the media that are giving that news
for the fact of saying that there is no
motive or match in this case if the
police say it even if it surprises us well
maybe it will be like that they don't talk
rule out data way yet but they say
that there is nothing to confirm that
the motive was gone or since maybe the
motive was another that maybe really
that group of people to call it
somehow met with the
kid they say it was a  misunderstanding that
the kid taking a selfie or a
story will be with a friend they
thought they were recording him
and then they went to wait in the
police is saying that we had no
mobile phones that there wasn't one don't mess with
the police or the media
that is saying that I'm sure
that if there was a homophobic motive he would
say it and especially with the government that we
have right now he would say it hey well in
this case there is a mobile phone or he was
killed by fire because of his sexual orientation and even
the fact that there is no mobile phone takes it away
shut up homophobia because the air exists the
word does not exist the words that exist I
got into a debate with a person on
twitter who is talking to me now and not crazy
telling me that word does not exist to
tell me that it exists but if the
word exists there is no other word his
shameless it seems to me a [ __ ] shame
that everyone sleeps with whoever they want to sleep with
is that it would be good for you
as if you want to sleep with three at the same time
in the same night in the same bed
whether with a sense of problem in gold not that what
I  it has touched not from the people
that I'm seeing on twitter not
especially the side that you already have no if the
police based on their investigation is
saying that there is no homophobic motive
because there isn't one I also tell you the press
is not peace and art either so that I
take it literally you have already seen
how it is today I think that if the
police investigation is saying that they did
not call him [ __ ] and that the
flag was not there because it was not there so badly they are
saying with that that there is no
discrimination and that we should not fight
against discrimination are you not
saying that
today shamefully shamefully
it is very shameful that it
exists today but yes there is discrimination there are
people who discriminate against you for being gay
because they wear shorts cut
by the middle that go how it jumps out of
the I'm going to you they are doing something to you
[ __ ] me it bothers me what they do to
me it bothers me that they insult me my
enjoyment my family that someone
does something to me it's that to me what another does
is that I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ]
really what we have  of putting it in the lives
of others and already being part of it it seems to me
a [ __ ] shame that the
death the murder of this kid is used to
do politics which is what
the mistianos always do I'm going to start here
to mention it's always the same ones
when the girls from Tenerife were the
same ones and this time they were the
same ones but then not
all the victims have the same value but it
's always the same ones it's always the same ones
who use the victims on the
first day without having had an
investigation nothing without knowing if the motive
and they use it politically that you
eat my balls that is another of the
things that puts me off you guys it
shows me in Tulsa that I am that you
use pain for politics that
today you show the scum that I am
and the miserable that they are the
incredible face of the people that even the
kid's father came out to say that he should not
use his son as a politician and
a certain group of people who are
always the same came out to tell the
father to shut up yeah sure
we're going to do what you say please
a little mourning and a little respect you
piece of  Miserable gentlemen,
thank you all very much. I have to go now, yes,
goodbye.